I guess I'm just taking a break we had
this really cool adventure saving earth
and that was pretty happy anyway so I
needed some me time and I came to
Australia and that's when I moved in
with Daryl hello
and here we are oh it's a nice flat as
you can see and we get along well yeah I
guess I just wanted to be around average
everyday people daryl is an average sort
of everyday guy so it works out well
while I'm here I'm trying to get
involved with the luggage
who's this purple weirdo surprise who
actually knew that was to give back to
the community
Daryl here is Abuna crafter electronic
letter I'm right into Captain America
and Iron Man there seems to be something
very intense going on between them and I
want to offer my help my services dear
Tony Stark how's it going
I heard you and Captain America we're
having some relationship problems dear
Steve Rogers do you remember when i
goaded you into killing those prisoners
and you made me swear to never tell the
other Avengers if there's any other
secrets you need kept just let me know
because I'm not up to much what are you
doing later I was just working what's he
doing he's working keep out Daryl
costume for battles little Mjolnir over
here taking a nap
something I've been roasting in the Sun
for a number of weeks now it's almost
ready
delicious question what are Infinity
stones a lot of information and ideas
and what I like to call little clues
speckled around the place and who is the
man in the purple chair is purple it's a
magic glove doesn't like standing up
fury what does he really know and is
fury his real name or is it actually
pronounced furry little Mjolnir here
pair of sunglasses in case gets bright
and the Rainbow Bridge which often it
does if you lift
this little thing what's he holding me I
never wear cut-offs how do I keep waking
up in cut-offs no new pants going in
cut-offs coming out you hmm
my boy boy heard from my Tony Stark in
Captain America I've been in contact you
I haven't received a single phone call
one shakes huh oh hey t-bone how many
times do we have to go over this no
amount of money is gonna get me to join
your little pissing contest what here
talk to Thor yeah he's sort of been
waiting here from you I have him right
here I'll chant right now okay
am I disappointed that they didn't
invite me to fight with him um no he has
no idea touch with you
I don't I don't have a phone he doesn't
have a phone send a raven I just start
my own team team for of course and it
would be me and Daryl just us right Dee
yep
you